grains: clarify square numbering convention (1-based, not 0-based) (#1445)
exercism/problem-specifications: exercises/grains/description.md

of wheat. One grain on the first square of a chess board. Two grains on
the next. Four on the third, and so on.

> There are 64 squares on a chessboard, numbered 1 through 64.

Reviewer: Perhaps worded like this:
```suggestion
There are 64 squares on a chessboard starting at one.
```
